README.md, before:

# threesixty_design_demo
## Running the app
After you have installed all dependencies you can now run the app. Run `npm run server` to start a local server using `webpack-dev-server` which will watch, build (in-memory), and reload for you. The port will be displayed to you as `http://0.0.0.0:3000` (or if you prefer IPv6, if you're using `express` server, then it's `http://[::1]:3000/`).

### server
```bash
# development
npm run server
# production
npm run build:prod
npm run server:prod
```

## Other commands

### build files
```bash
# development
npm run build:dev
# production
npm run build:prod
```

### hot module replacement
```bash
npm run server:dev:hmr
```

### watch and build files
```bash
npm run watch
```

### run tests
```bash
npm run test
```

### watch and run our tests
```bash
npm run watch:test
```

### run end-to-end tests
```bash
# make sure you have your server running in another terminal
npm run e2e
```

### run webdriver (for end-to-end)
```bash
npm run webdriver:update
npm run webdriver:start
```

### run Protractor's elementExplorer (for end-to-end)
```bash
npm run webdriver:start
# in another terminal
npm run e2e:live

Commit message:

Add design input bindings; Add preview

README.md, after:

# threesixty_design_demo
Developed based on Angular2 with Material Design.
Used angular2-webpack-starter by AgularClass as boilerplate.
## Running the app
After you have installed all dependencies you can now run the app. Run `npm run server` to start a local server using `webpack-dev-server` which will watch, build (in-memory), and reload for you. The port will be displayed to you as `http://0.0.0.0:3000` (or if you prefer IPv6, if you're using `express` server, then it's `http://[::1]:3000/`).

### server
```bash
# development
npm run server
# production
npm run build:prod
npm run server:prod
```

## Other commands

### build files
```bash
# development
npm run build:dev
# production
npm run build:prod
```

### hot module replacement
```bash
npm run server:dev:hmr
```

### watch and build files
```bash
npm run watch
```

### run tests
```bash
npm run test
```

### watch and run our tests
```bash
npm run watch:test
```

### run end-to-end tests
```bash
# make sure you have your server running in another terminal
npm run e2e
```

### run webdriver (for end-to-end)
```bash
npm run webdriver:update
npm run webdriver:start
```

### run Protractor's elementExplorer (for end-to-end)
```bash
npm run webdriver:start
# in another terminal
npm run e2e:live
